Anybody hungry?
- [Footsteps]
- Huh?
Hey!
[Alarm wailing]
What's going on?
What's wrong?
How could anybody get in there?
Ahh!
Hyah!
Hello, gorgeous.
We'll lock down the place.
Nobody's getting out
of here now!
[Laughs]
Hands in the air!
"Thank you"?
What?
Is this a gag?
You may not be a Chaos Emerald,
but you'll do for now.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
I'm coming to you live
from the National Museum,
where the world's
largest diamond
was stolen late last night.
Law enforcement authorities
are baffled
by the outbreak
of precious-gem robberies,
but private sources tell SS TV
that they believe
this was merely the biggest
in a series of jewel thefts
that have plagued
Station Square in recent days.
This is Scarlet Garcia,
SS TV news.
Hey, Cream, have you seen Sonic?
The last time we saw him,
he was with Chris and Tails,
but I'm not sure
where they went.
Chao!
That's too bad.
Hey, feel like having
some pizza?
Yes.
Are you sure it's okay?
You bet it is!
Sonic's loss is your gain.
- Yay!
Tails, you see anything
down there?
No.
Nothing there.
Don't worry.
We're gonna find those emeralds.
And Sonic will help, right?
Uh, Sonic?
Uh, what?
Where are you?
Something has to be done,
gentlemen.
We must take action.
Eggman is a threat
to our nation's security.
We've no choice
but to launch an attack.
Mr. President, I want to stop
this Eggman as much as you do,
but it's not so simple.
I'm afraid the chairman
is right, sir.
After examining the remnants
of one of Eggman's robots,
we've determined
his technical capabilities
and military hardware
far surpass our current
weapons system.
That may be so,
but it doesn't change the fact
that something must be done.
Would you consider
asking Sonic to assist?
Sonic?
Eggman's an unusual enemy, sir,
and that calls
for an unusual ally.
With this in mind,
I think Sonic's got what it
takes to get the best of him.
He just might be the only hope
we have, Mr. President.
That's true.
But how do we know we can even
communicate with a hedgehog?
Our operatives observed him
speaking to the boy
he's staying with.
He understands the language.
Fine.
Then we'll do it.
Sir, I think you've made
the right decision.
GIRL:
I'm gonna draw a star.
GIRL #2:
I don't know.
Hey, I bet that's
that Chaos Emerald
you and Sonic
have been trying to find.
- Right, Chris?
- Kinda.
It looks like that?
Let's keep the chatting to a
minimum and focus on painting.
TOGETHER:
Uh, right.
What's that you're painting,
Chris?
An emerald.
But I thought all emeralds
were supposed to be green.
You're right!
Funny, huh?
I'll just start over.
No, Chris, your emerald can be
any color you want it to be.
Matter of fact,
I heard a red emerald was found
somewhere recently
around Silky Heights.
What?
- Huh?
Uh, sorry.
In fact, if I'm not mistaken,
they found that emerald
in an old, dilapidated factory
not too long ago.
Who knows what interesting
tidbits you can pick up
if you hang around long enough.
[Bell rings]
Hey, Chris, wait for me!
[Chuckles]
Hi, I'm Danny.
Nice to meet you.
Hi, there!
I'm Amy.
This is my friend Tails.
Hi!
Hey!
Where's Sonic?
He left already, and it's
about time I head out, too.
Let's take off!
Hmm.
That way?
Huh?
All right!
Yeah, this is
the coolest thing ever!
Okay, cool it, will you, Danny?
Look, there's Sonic!
Ha! They fell for it.
Ahh!
That's it.
Now to see if I can find
another emerald.
Well, what's this?
My, my!
Trying to trap me?
Don't make a move!
Whatever you like.
You know, you're pretty tough
for an old lady.
[Laughter]
What are you clowns laughing at?
Commander!
Huh?
[Coughs]
Hmph!
I'm not going anywhere.
Matter of fact, I kind of like
being in the spotlight.
Forget the cuffs.
What's your name?
I'm Rouge.
That's Rouge the Bat.
Hey, I've seen you
somewhere before.
That's right.
You snuck into
the National Museum
and stole that diamond.
Who, me?
We set up a trap to catch Sonic,
and who do we wind up with
but a jewel thief.
Funny how things work out
that way.
Man, I'm starving.
Me, too.
Boy, I could really go
for a cup of coffee.
What?
Listen, missy!
This isn't a country club.
You're in trouble.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
So I've heard.
But all I want
is a cup of coffee.
Don't be such a nag.
A what?
A nag, huh?
Hey, get her a coffee, Topaz.
Hmph!
Aye, aye!
She doesn't deserve it,
if you ask me.
My, my!
Topaz?
Isn't that the name of a gem?
[Door opens]
[Gasps]
Ow!
Case of the jitters, Topaz?
I'm sorry, Mr. President, sir.
So, you're Rouge.
Hi!
Well, Rouge,
I imagine you must wondering
why we've brought you here
today.
Uh-huh.
Listen, Rouge,
we'd like to make a deal.
A deal?
We are willing to offer you
complete immunity.
That is, of course, if you
decide to join our team.
Join your team?
As what?
You'll work as an undercover
agent for the president.
Wow!
Imagine me a real,
live secret agent.
Why would you want
a naughty little jewel thief
like me on your team?
That is none of your business,
young lady!
Do we have a deal?
Um...
[Thinking]
Who knows?
Working as an agent,
I just might get closer
to the Chaos Emerald.
Mr. Pres,
you got yourself a deal.
Congratulations, agent.
Welcome aboard.
[Laughs]
Does this mean
I can't keep my diamond?
Ah, right.
Well, what do you think?
Well, the case is still
considered unsolved,
as long as she promises
not to talk.
There you have it.
Mmm!
Hmm.
I'll have to take my chances.
What's this thing?
That is a bomb.
A bomb?
If we push this remote control,
it's bye-bye batty.
See, we don't exactly trust you.
So you be a good little girl and
maybe we won't have to use it.
Huh!
Just think of it as a bracelet.
A bracelet that explodes.
It's supposed to be functional,
not fashionable.
Looks like something
an old lady would wear.
Why don't you try it on?
What does that mean?
Just what you think it does,
Grandma.
Ladies, please!
Approaching drop point,
Commander, straight ahead.
Yep, Roger.
Get ready.
AMY:
What is this place?
It gives me the creeps.
Well, now what?
There's nothing here.
Something seems strange here,
Sonic.
Who would have moved that sign?
Beats me.
- [Snoring]
- [Yawns]
I don't see an entrance
anywhere.
Come on!
Where is it?
[Scoffs]
Do I have to do everything?
Oh, yeah?
Hold on!
Follow me.
This way.
Hold on!
Where are you going?
Don't be so jumpy.
You want me to help you out
or don't you?
No funny stuff?
I'm on your team now.
All right, just checking.
Okay, let's move in.
[Snoring]
We don't have much farther.
Now if we could just find
the power output sector.
Any idea where that might be?
I guess I must have left
my map at home.
Well, it's almost dawn.
What do you think we should do,
Commander?
We don't have much time.
Let's keep looking.
Hmm.
Commander?
Mind if I have myself
a little look around?
Are you kidding?
How do I know I can trust you?
You can.
I'll be right back.
I'll go with her just in case.
[Scoffs]
Whatever!
All right, then.
Remember.
Don't do anything reckless.
- Yes, sir!
- Aye, aye!
[Growls]
This could get messy.
Especially
for an old gal like you.
My, my!
Well, hello.
It's beautiful.
I have the strangest feeling
we're being watched.
Please help me, Rouge!
Please help me!
Hang in, girl.
[Siren blaring]
Aah!
- Ugh!
What is that?
What?
Ugh!
It must be intruders.
That sound.
It hurts my ears!
[Siren intensifies]
Aah!
I can't take it!
Help me, please!
That scream is coming
from Noizi!
Someone's trying to make off
with my Chaos Emerald,
and we can't have that,
now, can we?
Go get them, Sneazer!
Aah!
Blast that infernal noise!
Ugh!
I'll go insane!
Rouge!
[Gasps]
The power generator!
[Siren intensifies]
Aah!
I've had enough of this.
Oh, no!
I've lost the Chaos Emerald!
- [Siren blaring]
- Aah!
All right, you're fooling
with the wrong girl.
Huh?
[Blaring stops]
Push that button!
Oh!
Aah!
Hang on tight.
Move it!
Excuse me!
Huh?
Who's that?
Oh!
Aah!
Rouge, I don't know how
to thank you.
I do.
Lose some weight.
[Growls]
[Coughs]
Help, Mommy!
[Snoring]
Uh, Chris?
Danny?
TOGETHER:
Aah!
- Huh?
TOGETHER:
Uh, we're sorry.
Now, Chris, I get the feeling
you and Danny didn't get enough
sleep last night.
It's okay to have adventures.
Just make sure to get
to bed on time.
Huh?
But how did you know, sir?
Just a wild guess.
TOGETHER:
Thanks, Mr. Stewart.
[Laughter]